you can tell if someone's going to be a good mentor by how much you see
them interacting with other people, whether they're a good listener
and whether their hands on. For the most part, I found that chiefs
are really good about that When I'm down in the plant. If I'm, let's
have a new guy, their third class, you know, working with another
person, you know, trying to, you know, fix, fix, fix the breaker. If
I look to my right, you know, see in the next room that there's a chief
down there with his flashlight, um, talking and explaining has
the procedure out saying, You know, pointing with his finger touch that
do that. It's not like this. He puts the he puts the book down and
he goes down there and he starts the process. Then he puts the picks
the book back up and has the other person continue. The people that
interact like that, those are the best mentors. So you try to find
someone who's going to be very interactive, not just listening, but
also, you know, like, um down there in physical person with doing
the maintenance, then you know that they're going to be good to go